Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Ma'am are you okay?
Can you hear me?
I've got someone on the south long.
We need paramedics over here right away.
Copy that.
Jesus Christ. what happened to you?
In-laws.
Did she say in-laws?
What about your in-laws. ma'am?
Hey. stay with us.
Just keep your eyes on me.
Take it easy.
Slow. steady breaths.
She's down.
Get that stretcher over here.
Get her loaded up until count to go.
One inbound.
Critical condition.
Ready?
One. two. three.
One. two. up.
Stay with us.
Skip's had a vital signs on her.
I'm gonna get oxygen on.
What's that?
I'm gonna check pupils.
Oxygen.
I don't have a pressure.
No pupil response.
Let's check a pulse.
No pulse.
She's in cardiac arrest.
Starting compressions.
Charging.
Two hundred.
Ready.
Clear.
Coming in with a Caucasian female.
Mid to late twenties.
In severe shock.
Multiple lacerations.
Possible gunshot wound through the left
hand.
Through and through.
Pulse?
No pulse.
I'll get her.
Compression again.
Charging...
Two hundred.
Clear.
Hide and seek?
Jesus!
Hell's sake.
Ms. Ledomas?
Where am I?
You're in Wilbury. Connecticut.
In St. John's Hospital.
Behind my handcuffs.
Ms. Ledomas?
It's Mrs. McCauley.
It says here you married an Alex Lodomus.
This didn't work out.
I'm Detective Roger Bassett.
You're in some trouble. Ms. McCauley.
You're being detained
by the Woolbury Police
Department under suspicion
of arson and murder.
They found the remains of two people in
the house after they put out the fire.
And your clothes were drenched in blood.
It wasn't yours.
Now. if you'd care to make a statement.
You could pass me a cigarette.
This is not going to go well for you.
Ms. McCauley.
Things would go a lot easier if you would
just cooperate.
She has a visitor.
You expecting someone?
Oh. shit.
Look at you.
What are you doing here?
Well. I'm still your emergency contact.
So. thanks for that.
Who are you?
Faith McCauley.
Family.
Biologically speaking. yeah. we're
sisters. but we're not family.
Okay.
I'm gonna give you a few minutes.
Then I'm gonna take you to the station.
Get that statement.
What happened?
You wouldn't believe me.
That's probably true. but I drove all the
way out to bumfuck Connecticut.
so... Where'd you come from?
You mean. where do I live?
Sure.
Murray Hill.
I'm in Chelsea.
Yeah. cool.
How long have you lived in New York?
I moved out there when I was 18.
Just like you.
And you never thought...
Grace. come on.
You made it very clear
a long time ago that
you're not interested in
being my sister. okay?
And the feeling's mutual.
I'm not here for a reunion.
Yeah. it's good to see you. too.
How are you?
I'm fucking amazing.
Yeah?
Yeah. really good.
I'm a social media coordinator.
I live in a kick-ass one bedroom. and I
have a hot-as-fuck boyfriend named Derek.
And I didn't have to fuck Alex Ledomaz to
get it.
I did it all by myself.
How do you know about Alex?
I saw you together once at the Whole Foods
on 25th and 7th.
He's tall.
Maybe you could have said something.
Why?
I'm in a good place.
You're a negative person.
I'm not a negative person.
And even though you abandoned
me... I did not abandon you.
I still believe in the fundamental
goodness of humanity.
Oh. my God. if you knew what I'd just been
through.
Then tell me.
I told you you wouldn't believe me.
All right.
I'm glad you're okay.
But you haven't changed.
I'm just gonna go.
Um. Faith. wait.
After the wedding. Alex tells me I have to
pull a card. play whatever game it says.
some kind of initiation ritual.
which I thought was weird. but wanted them
to like me because they were gonna be my
new family.
Anyway. I pull hide-and-seek. and it gets
real quiet. because apparently...
that's the bad card.
And they think they have to try to
sacrifice me to the devil.
They told me I could win if I stayed
hidden till dawn.
But they thought if I won. they'd die.
So they hunted me.
I got...
shot through the hand.
Beat to shit by a butler.
Then my...
my husband stabbed me.
But I made it till dawn.
I fucking won.
So...
did they drop dead?
No.
They blew up.
And then after they blew up. there was a
guy in a chair.
And he nodded at me.
Who was the guy in the chair?
I don't know.
But he was see-through. so I'm pretty sure
he was...
you know...
You are so going to jail.
Yeah.
Approve the ceasefire.
Good morning. Mr. Danforth.
It's been a long time.
I have some news.
Leave us.
The Lodomuses are no more.
Burnella.
Can you find my children?
I'll inform the others.
Call all my lawyers.
Now.
The collection of the weathered houses.
Clothered.
The shoreline.
The half-foot of Pelo Carmen.
Coño.
Who wrote the shit.
I'll just wing it.
I'll do my own thing.
Like always.
y
Me cago en la hostia. puta!
Me voy de la casita!
Ay Dios!
Eh. all right.
I'll tell Willy if the guy's not the
judge.
he He isn't
It's my turn. motherfucker.
He isn't He isn't Bessick!
Bring me my knives!
This is our chance?!
This is our chance!
The bear will be preyed!
YEAH!
SHOOT!
So the no-mices failed.
The bride survived.
The ball is in play.
No.
That's not fair.
It's... it's ours!
It doesn't matter.
It's in the rules.
You know what you have to do.
Dad... please.
Be a fucking man!
You're a dad. Forth.
This... must never leave our family.
You must win the seat back.
We will.
Well... get on with it.
Oh.
Titus.
It's over.
Not for the bride.
All right. Mrs. McCauley.
We'll get you some clothes.
Then continue our conversation at the
station.
I can't wait for you to tell me about that
goat pit.
It's all gonna be yours.
Well. fuck the rules!
Please. please!
Mrs. LaDomas!
Mrs. LaDomas?
Listen.
we need a woman.
I'm going back to the cup.
Ha. ha. ha. ha!
Oh. my Jesus!
Not so good a guy as she is now!
Oh. no. no. no. no!
You're a no!
There can be more coming.
I gotta get out of these cups.
Okay?
What the fuck?
We gotta get out of here and disappear.
What the fuck are you doing?
We might have to fight.
I can't fight in this gown.
No time to look for new clothes.
You have to fight?
Okay. okay.
Come on. we gotta go.
Okay.
What a mess.
Looks like Mr. Wilkinson tried to kill the
girl before the game could begin.
And condemned his entire bloodline to a
premature end.
Well. that's what happens when you break
one of Mr. LaBelle's rules.
Hello there.
And who might you be?
And right then I knew that we were both
going to make it.
Because we had this moment to live for.
And here we are.
We made it.
I love you so much.
Mark.
When we met that day in the
Keem Award... Ladies and gentlemen.
I am terribly sorry to
tell you. but I'm going
to have to ask you all
to vacate the premises.
Unfortunately. we have a gas leak.
Are you fucking kidding me?!
She's not.
Kindly get the fuck out.
Besides. you could do way better.
I guess people need to go home.
Get the fuck out.
Why do you always feel the need to be such
a dick?
Your little grace goes a long way.
Well. that was funny.
Today is not the day for funny.
Dad gave us a mission.
And I'm not going to let him down.
Yo!
Cousins!
How long has it been?
I'm going to sawn it up.
Come get me when the fireworks start.
Dick tap.
You don't have to speak to him.
Just don't start anything. okay?
Not today.
Fucking kip.
It had to be done.
Ugh.
You look just like him when you're sad.
Please remain calm and proceed in an
orderly fashion to the exits.
I repeat. please remain calm and proceed
to the exits in an orderly fashion.
Ladies and gentlemen. pack up your shit
and get the fuck out.
Please.
When
was the last time the council actually
convened in person?
October. 1963.
I looked it up.
Well. they're on their way to the lodge
now.
And so it begins.
On that?
Yeah!
Ignacio.
Felipe.
Buenas dias. senora Danforth.
You haven't aged a day.
Huh.
No. Francesca.
I thought for sure she'd want to be here
for this.
She'll be along. believe me.
No. she wouldn't miss this for the world.
No. it's exciting.
Well. it's exciting for me.
It's terrifying for you.
Yes. and you.
Ursula.
Titus.
You remember my son?
What's the Wi-Fi password?
Garage.
Martina. welcome.
So. how's this shit work?
Our guest will be arriving soon. and
then the lawyer will explain everything.
Ah. lawyer!
Speak slow for this beautiful dum-dum over
here.
Single-syllable words!
It appears our guest of honor is arriving.
Hello. Grace.
I'm Ursula Danforth.
This is my brother Titus.
Welcome to our home.
May I speak to it. Father?
Did you see Mr. LeBel?
One second. I just gotta take a quick
selfie before we start.
Yo!
This girl bested the Lodomuses.
And Bill Wilkinson.
Can we start this. please?
And where the fuck is Chester?
Our father... passed.
What the fuck?
What?
Last night.
In his sleep.
Wait. wait. wait.
So does that mean that you're playing now?
As we are twins. we will both be taking
the field. yes?
What the fuck?
No.
How convenient.
I told you that the Danforths were vipers.
That's fine.
And that they were going to make traps.
Yeah. I can see that.
Grace. I realize this must be terrifying
for you.
But you are here for a very special.
very exciting reason.
You've caused quite a stir. Mrs. Lodomus.
McCauley!
I am the sole attorney for Mr. LeBel and
the LeBel organization.
The organization is led by a council made
up of the heads of six families.
Including your in-laws.
Now that the DeMoss and Wilkinson families
have been wiped out. the council of six
families is currently down to four.
The reason you're here is that by
surviving Le DeMoss' game of hide and
seek. you triggered a very seldom used
clause in our organization's bylaws.
You see. on the council there is one seat
with more power than the others.
The high seat.
And it comes with this sigil of power.
Until now. that seat was occupied by
Chester Danforth.
I presume you've heard of him.
Because you triggered
that clause. the high seat is
now vacant for the first
time in many. many years.
And. believe it or not. you've been given
an opportunity to win the high seat.
It's very rare that someone survives a
game. so it comes with this reward.
And the heads of the
remaining council families
will try to win the
seat for themselves.
Or in our case. take back what should
still be ours.
This clause is so fucking stupid.
Ah. you're afraid one of us is gonna take
daddy's place. eh?
You never know.
Mrs. Le Domas could win.
So. as Ms. Danforth said. this is all
actually good news.
Mr. LeBail has smiled upon thee.
Hail Satan.
Do you have any questions?
Can I have a cigarette?
No.
Your sister's existence was quite a
surprise.
You told the Le Domas' that you
had no family. and yet... here is Faith.
Grace and Faith.
Fucking Irish Catholics.
We can make this real quick. because I
don't want your fucking chair.
I suppose I wasn't clear.
The high seat controls the council.
and the council controls...
well. everything.
Everything?
The world.
So what. I just have to pull another card
or something?
That won't be necessary.
Think of this as double or nothing.
Because you survived Le Domas' game of hide
and seek. you will play that game again.
No!
This time. with the council members.
Fucking baby shit bun.
So for me to win the seat?
Survive until dawn.
And the rest of them?
This part will be familiar.
They will try to kill you.
Whoever does. wins the seat.
Now. we must fill the seat by dawn.
or Mr. LeBail will be...
very upset.
The winner... Fuck yeah!
Nothing.
The winner will be coronated in a special
ceremony in the Black Temple.
The creme de la creme of Mr. LeBail's
faithful will be in attendance.
That's the whole thing.
I'm not playing.
Oh. I'm sorry.
That's the other thing.
I'm not playing!
You have to compete.
I'm still not playing.
Okay.
Pernilla. kill the sister.
No. no. fuck no. no. no!
We can take that off.
Listen!
You guys seem like good people!
And I don't even know why I'm here.
We haven't seen each other in.
like. seven years!
Why not?
It's complicated.
Nice leverage. moron.
This thing doesn't even care about the
other thing.
You two don't get along?
We had a falling out.
About what?
She's f***ing an a**hole.
Allow me to wrap up.
The game will begin at exactly 2.31pm.
In observance of the exact time Mr.
LaVale...
Daddy!
Mi amor.
Well. holy shit. here you are.
Okay.
Francesca Alcaido. you dumb slut.
Alex's ex-fiance.
Where the f*** is my ring. bitch?
He bought it for me before you stole him.
I threw it at him right before he
exploded.
You're nothing but a cold-ticking whore.
You see. Alex wasn't stupid.
But he sure was f***ing gullible.
You ruined my life.
And I don't even know who the f*** you
are.
No. no. no. no.
Ladies and gentlemen. we should get
moving.
Vanilla?
Wait.
I wanna do it.
No. no. no.
I just want you to know...
It's going to be
me... who gets you.
Okay?
No. no. no.
No!
No. no. no. no!
The council members must use a weapon that
existed during the period in which their
ancestor... made his or
her bargain with Mr. LeBail.
The council members are not allowed to
kill each other.
If they do. even by accident...
Mr. LeBail will be angry.
And the offending family's entire
bloodline will be punished.
Beyond that... anything goes.
I don't want to use the blood pen.
I can at least sterilize it.
For fuck's sake.
The families may observe the proceedings
from the clubroom.
In the unlikely event that any of the
hunters should perish...
the next person in that family's line of
succession...
must take their place on the field.
Best of luck to you all.
Aren't you gonna change. bro?
Why?
None of us are gonna have to go out there.
Chester trained his kids since they could
walk in case this day ever came.
This'll be over in five minutes.
There.
It better be.
I need a massage in an hour.
The girl will begin the game on the ninth
hole green.
Hunters. take your places.
The game will begin...
in ten... nine...
eight...
seven...
six...
five...
four...
three...
two... one.
There are no fucking keys.
Oh. did I forget to put the keys in there?
Fucking cheaters.
Go!
Idiots.
You shit-suckers.
Yeah.
Ah!
Grace. stop it.
Come on.
We gotta get up.
We gotta move.
Shit.
We gotta get up.
Fuck!
Oh. God.
They're coming.
Please. God.
Why do they want to hurt me?
They don't give a shit about you.
You're here to slow me down.
If you don't do exactly what I say.
we are going to die.
Do you understand?
So we obviously share the seat when we get
it back. but who gets to wear the ring?
Well. Dad wanted me to be the one in
charge. so...
Bullshit.
He told me.
Yeah. well. he told me.
You should be me.
No. he didn't.
We're going to get to the woods.
We're gonna go to the woods!
Wait!
What if there's people waiting for us in
the fucking woods?
It's not a debate.
I am in charge.
Oh. you're in charge?
It's your fucking fault I'm here!
All I did was forget to remove you as my
emergency contact.
It's been seven years.
You don't know anybody else.
Fine.
Whoever kills her gets to wear the ring.
I'm not agreeing to that.
Fuck is that?
That was good.
I'm sorry.
What is that?
Whoa. hold on. listen.
This is one great scene we've had earlier.
Whoa. hold on.
There's a way out of this.
I had my lawyer scour the bylaws and we
found a loophole.
All we have to do is...
Oh my god!
Nice shot.
There she is.
Get her!
Skippy. screens.
They weren't supposed to make it off the
green.
Give me the fucking thing.
God damn it.
There's no way we're getting over that.
There's gotta be a tree we could climb.
Oh. we're gonna climb with handcuffs?
Okay. okay. fuck.
Okay. turn it on.
What the fuck is this?
No. just press input one.
Yeah. no. it's right there.
Show me fucking input one.
Go press menu and then go...
I am a stupid fucking idiot.
Where the fuck are they?
Grace. we've been running forever!
Fuck. ow. fuck. can you just slow down.
please?
Ow. fuck!
Oh. I'm sorry.
Okay.
I can't believe you dragged me into this
shit.
How does this even happen?
You're telling me you didn't know your
fiancé was in a devil cult?
This seems kind of hard to miss.
I mean. your attention must have been on
all that money.
What?
What does that mean?
Nothing. I'm just saying that I work for
my shit...
and I don't need Rich Dick to solve my
problems.
Ew.
Fuck you.
Okay. what does Derek do?
Finance.
Oh. and I'm chasing Rich Dick?
He was a starving actor when we first met.
Starving actor with a fallback MBA?
You think I made up Derek?
Kinda now. yeah.
You think I'm pathetic.
You just can't handle it that I made it
and you didn't.
Ray?
There's no use in hiding.
I know you think we're the bad guys here.
But there are no good guys or bad guys.
There's just the system.
Whether you realize it or not.
you're a part of it too.
You contribute to it. how you enable it.
I'm no more evil than you are.
You're just a small part of something that
is much bigger than us.
We can do it. we can do it. we can do it.
we can do it.
And die with a little dignity?
Ah!
God!
Handcuffs!
Get up.
You cannot fuck up like that.
The only way to make
what we did to Dad mean
something is to win
that fucking seat back.
Titus!
Do you understand?
That is the only way it matters.
Let's go to that building and look for a
phone.
The longer we're on this property.
the better their chances of finding us.
We need to figure out a way to get over
that wall.
Let's just make a run for it.
It's completely exposed.
You are too impulsive. you never think
things through.
Look. they don't have anywhere to hide
either.
You're gonna get us both killed.
And now it's my turn. my turn.
To the Danforths and the Jody.
What are you going to win. girl?
My chicken is in my blood.
Motherfucker.
It's too risky.
Okay. just let me think this through.
Sometimes you gotta take a risk.
Is that a gunshot?
Finally. finally. finally.
Oh. found him.
Who's fucking shooting them?
Dad!
Your
dad fucking sucks.
Shit.
Never practices.
If she gets away. I swear to fucking God.
You sure you want to do that?
I was just...
He's getting better.
No more fucking risks.
I have an idea.
Hold that.
Now. you're on.
I don't mean to any of this.
I don't rope up to them.
But I don't care.
I just wanna keep watching them.
I.
I don't.
I do.
I can afford to. though.
Why don't we just finish that?
Why don't you just go on with your walked
out.
Hold on. I thought we were dells.
Oh. ready?
Ready to be.
Boy...
Cookies hah.
Like some weird fucking Sicallyor thing
he's gone back to.
Okay.
Hijo de la gran puta.
We gotta find a phone.
You're leaving a trail of blood behind.
We need to sit down.
Come on.
Sit here.
Sit.
Fuck.
Bitch.
Oh.
All right.
Let's do the little one.
One. two. three.
Just focus on me.
Ready?
Okay. what are you. a part-time nurse too?
I don't know. maybe I am.
So. what did you do after you graduated?
I didn't finish. I had to drop out.
Seriously?
Yeah. then I waited tables.
After all that follow your dreams shit?
Yeah. well sometimes dreams don't work
out.
And then I met Alex.
And that dream didn't work out either.
Okay. it's gonna burn.
Alright.
I tried to find you. you know.
I wanted to invite you to the wedding.
I wouldn't have come.
I know. but I wanted you to know that I
wanted you there.
Well. there's no fucking way you would
have got me one of those ugly ass
bridesmaids dresses. so...
Alright. alright.
Shot for the pain?
Yeah.
Although nothing's gonna numb the pain of
being with you.
To surviving till dawn.
Again.
Listen. we. we're gonna have to fight him.
No. we can take him.
Can I just fired?
We're gonna have to f... Shh!
It's okay.
We can take him.
We've always had each other's backs in the
fight.
Okay?
We can do this.
Come here.
That's gonna make a lot of noise.
I know. it's now or never.
Hold still.
You hold still.
You can't hide. Jody!
Fuck!
Oh. my God. if it was me out there.
she'd be dead.
Yes. of course. baby.
Come on. come on. come on.
Get that bitch.
Hey!
You. we are going to need some glasses
because we're about to have a toast.
Oh. my God.
No. no. no. no!
Bath time!
No. no. hey. hey. hey!
What are you doing?
You might have a phone.
Jesus!
Fuck!
Can you help me please?
No. you got this.
You're doing great.
I'm not.
I'll just get in the way.
Oh. look.
You did it.
Thanks for your help.
He's gone.
I'm so sorry for your loss.
Mr. Rajan.
He's gone.
Mr. Rajan. as your brother has left this
mortal plane. you may take the field.
Do I have to?
No.
Your family must be represented by the
eldest member or legally appointed head of
household in all trials of succession for
Article 2. Section 3. Subsection C.
Failure to do so would mean forfeiture of
Mr. LaBelle's favor.
You mean. um... I'm afraid so.
What about my wife?
Are you saying you want to abdicate your
status as head of the Rajan family?
And make my wife hunt?
Yes.
I'll just need you to sign that.
Madhu. if you sign that. I will make you
very dead.
This is hard for me. too.
Fuck it.
Okie-dokie.
Ma'am. if you please.
911. what's your emergency?
I need help.
My sister and I are being held prisoner at
the damn Ford Casino. golf course.
whatever compound.
People are trying to kill us.
I'm sorry. ma'am.
Could you slow down and repeat yourself?
I said I'm being held prisoner.
I decided to capture all the
outgoing calls on the compound
just in case they managed
to get their hands on a phone.
We own the phone company.
And they're all devil worshippers.
I know it sounds insane. but we need help.
We're at the damn Ford.
We're sorry.
Please send someone.
Yes. I understand.
We will send help right away.
Can you make it to the main gate?
Yeah. we'll be there.
Ok.
Are you sure about this?
Yeah. I'm sure.
I'm not here to hurt you.
No.
Do you hear that. Faith?
The lady with the sword isn't here to hurt
us.
Right.
I have no desire to get into some
punchy-kicky situation with you.
There's a way out of this.
I'm not here to kill you.
I'm here...
...to offer you a deal.
Mary. what is it?
I had my lawyers scour the bylaws.
I don't think the other council members
know this. but if you marry into a high
council family. if you marry my son.
we get the seat and you get to live.
Bullshit.
I swear to Mr. LaBelle.
She says yes.
No more hunt.
And look. I know your first marriage
didn't end well.
But my Chun-Fu isn't like Alex.
He's an idiot. but he's kind.
And the world will be far better off
without the Danforths pulling the strings.
Grace.
Titus is a psychopath.
His sister won't be able to control him.
And the world will go to hell faster than
it already is.
Bet you're a good person.
Of course not.
But it's a matter of degrees.
Right. okay. so I'm just married to some
stranger.
Yes. but... Great!
You don't have to live as a couple.
You can do whatever you want.
Yes.
She'll do it.
No.
What?
This seems too easy.
What. I wouldn't have to do anything?
Well.
Okay. well. what would she have to do?
Technically. she'd be part of the
organization.
Okay.
But she'd just have to do the usual stuff
we all have to do.
It's not so bad.
What's that?
What's the usual stuff?
I mean... You mean
sacrificing goats and shit?
And fucking killing innocent people?
Selling my fucking soul?
Yeah. that's gonna be interesting.
No.
No!
Fuck off. Ignacio!
You fucking weirdo!
You know you can't kill me!
Say yes!
Right now!
Move!
If you don't. I have to kill you before he
does!
Jesus Christ!
I'll do it!
I'll marry your fucking son!
Jen!
Hold it!
Move!
Say yes!
Jesus!
She'll say yes!
Just do it!
Please!
Jen!
She'll do it!
She'll marry your fucking son!
She has to say it!
You have to say it!
Jen!
I don't give a shit!
You have to say it!
Oh. no!
Why is everyone looking at me?
Okay.
Well. I need a fresh one of these stat.
And. uh. give me a poncho or something.
Thanks. Jen.
Yeah.
Okay.
I'm really not used to people combusting
all over me.
Yeah.
No.
It's always surprising.
Why did you say no?
You could have saved us.
Uh. because I don't want to spend the rest
of my life fucking killing people.
Okay.
That lady sold her soul.
I'm not gonna sell mine.
I'd rather be dead than live like that.
You wanna know why I don't take risks?
It's because the one time I did. I got
fucked and moved to New York and I...
and I lost you.
You didn't move to New York.
You left me.
Faith. we can't do this right now.
You could have taken me with you.
I was 18!
It was a once-in-a-lifetime scholarship.
How do you not...
We were a team.
You could have become my legal guardian.
You were 15?
I couldn't... I couldn't take care of you.
I could have helped with rent.
How?
It was New York.
You were a kid.
Yeah. your kid's sister.
I told you I had a plan.
I was gonna make a better life for both of
us.
I was gonna bring you out once I graduate.
Do you know how long three years is at
that age?
Faith. you were okay.
You were safe.
Grace... We had
decent foster parents.
You had a roof over your head.
Grace...
You left me.
I called you... for...
years.
You didn't want to talk to me!
I was mad.
It broke my fucking heart.
After you broke mine.
You remember the last thing you said to
me?
You said. please don't go.
And you said...
I have to.
There's no other way.
I'm fucking sorry.
I'm happy for you.
I'm very happy for you and your perfect
life.
I made up. Derek.
I live in Bushwick.
And I'm not a social media manager.
What do you do?
I'm a hostess.
Technically. as a waitress. I outrank you.
You made me a hostess because they said
I'm so pretty.
Yeah. but you don't get any tips.
I get a lot of tips because I'm really
pretty.
Well. I don't need tips because my fake
boyfriend. Derek. makes bank.
So... Right.
Right. right. right.
God bless Derek.
Let's go.
Where are they?
Shit. can you get that?
It could be them.
Answer it.
I don't want to answer it.
They can't get the same 911 operator
twice.
What the fuck do I say?
Just fucking answer it.
911. what's your emergency?
We're here.
Where are the cops?
Where are you?
We're following a wall to the main gate.
I don't see a cop car.
The unit is close.
Just wait there at the gate and they will
see you.
You bitch.
Did you see that?
Nice.
So. we know it was your voice on the
phone. fucking dumbass.
Yeah. idiots.
We've been watching you.
Good for you.
All right. well. tell us how to open the
gate.
You can only do that from the control
room.
How do we get there?
Yeah.
Well. you go back inside.
You make a left at the elevator.
On the far right is the only one that
descends to the sub-basement.
If you make a right. you go into the
control room.
When you're inside...
you fuck yourselves.
Tell us how to open it.
I don't feel like it.
Tell us how to open the gate. or we're
gonna kill your brother.
Fine.
Kill him.
The door is open.
You're not fucking around.
Yeah. me neither.
Get out of the way. the seat's all mine.
Well. that's some cold-blooded shit.
So who abandoned who?
Back in the day.
Shut up.
Oh. you. right?
You're older.
She's just been holding you back all day.
You know she's gonna leave you again.
Shut the fuck up!
Ah!
You fucking hit me!
Run her down!
That's my bitch!
Get out of the room!
What?
I think she's leaving. boss.
What are you doing?
Dad. help!
Run!
Give it up. Grace.
This is for the best.
Come on up.
One. two. three.
Okay. all right.
Oh my God.
We gotta get to the golf cart.
Let's go.
Kill her.
I don't care.
I was stalling. you idiot.
I surely did a number on you.
I mean. look at that.
Stop treating me like I'm a fucking child.
Okay. I am ready to take the field.
You're not allowed to. actually.
You abdicated.
You're no longer the head of your family.
And your wife controls all of your assets.
Even though she's chosen not to hunt.
she still represents your family.
Pardon?
You own nothing.
Now. lie down.
Where shall I send your brother's remains?
To your mother's asshole.
You fuck.
Have a nice nap.
Fuck you!
And fuck you. you creepy little fuck!
I fucking hate all of you!
Fuck you. too.
Okay.
That's not at all sad.
I'm ready.
Give me the fucking pen.
Run.
Run. run. run.
I
told you to fucking run.
Just sit.
Let me. let me... No. no. no.
Let me help pull it out.
It's gotta come out!
I'm gonna find you something for the pain.
Ooh.
There's pepper spray.
You don't think.
You don't listen.
Out of all the options in front of you.
you always manage to pick the dumbest one.
It's actually impressive.
How. how do you do it?
I saved you.
You could have saved yourself.
You could have gotten help.
I can't take care of both of us.
I can't. I can't do it.
Oh. it's all my fault.
I know. I'm such a burden.
You're a fucking child!
The only reason I'm fucking
here is because of you.
and now I'm gonna fucking
die here because of you!
You would have died hours ago if it wasn't
for me.
Oh. I'm sorry I didn't run away and
abandon you. but that's more your thing.
I was right to fucking leave.
And I wish you never goddamn found me.
You're right.
I should have run.
Good luck.
And fuck off.
Faith. wait!
Hi. cunt.
Bye. cunt.
Fuck.
All alone again?
Huh?
Thought you could fuck with me.
Where's your sister?
She's gone!
She's probably bringing the cops right
now!
We own the cops.
Goddamn it!
Slowing your sister down is the only
significant thing you've ever done.
and will ever do!
You're not even a person.
Just a collection of organs and meaningless
opinions approximating a personality.
I've been dreaming about this moment.
You obviously don't know where you are.
This is my house.
And the house always wins.
How
long you been saving that one for.
you fucking douchebag?
This was my mother's dress.
All she ever wanted was for me to be
happy.
And Alex made me happy.
Shut up.
You're fucking crazy.
Come here.
I'm gonna kill you now.
You stole him.
You changed him.
Dude.
He didn't fucking love you.
Man.
No!
That's enough.
Titus.
Titus. stop.
Titus. what the fuck are you doing?
Killing this girl.
Jesus Christ.
Titus. we don't have time for you.
Titus. wait.
We can use her.
Faith.
Faith!
Grace.
I know you're out there.
I have your sister. Grace.
Don't you worry.
she's doing... Uh-huh.
Well. she's doing just peachy.
Go on.
Grace.
If you don't return to the lobby within
the next ten minutes. she dies.
Grace. just leave me.
After she's dead. I'm
gonna find you. Grace.
wherever you are.
and I'm gonna kill you.
So. if you want to save your sister.
get your ass to the lobby.
Hey. after I kill your sister.
you and I are gonna have more fun.
Take her to the lodge.
Back for round two. bitch!
Say hi to Alex for me.
She's fucking here.
Oh. Christ!
Help me. you fucking turd!
Grace?
Where's my sister?
I don't know.
I'm not playing anymore.
I'm an innocent bystander.
Oh shit. shit. shit!
Fuck!
Grace?
Tell me where she is!
Tell me where she is.
Let's dance. puta.
Oh shit.
Oh. please. I don't want to!
That glass may be two
inches thick. but I can still
blow your sister's brains
all over this window.
You only have three seconds.
Three... Don't do it!
Two... Don't listen to him!
One... Okay. okay. stop. stop!
I'll come out. I'll come out!
No!
If you marry me... Grace. no!
You
ruined your soul!
That woman...
She said there's a loophole to all this.
She said if we get married...
You get your seat...
And I get to live.
Don't know if we'll be able to get her out
before dawn.
No. you won't.
Fuck it.
I accept your proposal.
No.
Okay. good.
Good.
I'm gonna need some
assurances first. so I know
you're not just gonna kill
us both when I come out.
I swear to you... You don't swear
to me. you fucking shit for brains!
Swear to Mr. LeBel!
I swear to Mr. LeBel that no harm shall
come to you or your sister.
I'll have everything you need brought in.
Get ready.
The guests are already arriving for
coronation.
I thought maybe we could have a toast.
We're about to become family.
Grace. I never wanted to hurt you.
But I had to follow the rules.
Listen. we don't have a lot of time.
So I'm just gonna say it.
I'm scared.
It's my brother.
I didn't understand who he really is.
I spent my whole life searching for the
good in him.
You know what I found?
Nothing.
Absolutely fucking nothing.
I thought I could keep him in check.
But he's lost it.
Grace. I need your help.
We have to try to control him together.
Having a seat doesn't have to be bad.
Think about all the good we could do with
that power.
But I need you at my side.
Grace. you're not like us.
You have hope.
I don't. though.
You took it from me.
We are good at that.
A little girl time.
Thank you for showing me who you really
are.
Titus. it's not... Oh!
Titus. stop!
No!
Try to keep me in check now. just try.
I told you it would be me who got you.
I'll see you at the altar.
There's no other way.
Shem ham pharash.
I can't see shit.
Nomine satani Lucifer excelsis.
In the name of our great
and eternal benefactor.
come forth and bestow
your blessing upon these.
In the names of Satan. Lucifer. Baliel.
Leviathan. come forth and bear witness.
Hail Satan.
Welcome. everyone.
I'm pleased so many of you could make it.
Not only do we have our coronation this
fine morning. we also have a wedding.
Our cup runneth over.
Titus. your hand please.
Your vows being made by intent.
By the power of Satan. I now confer the
possession of each other upon you.
Titus Chester Danforth. do you take this
woman. in this world and the next.
unto the fires of hell?
I do.
And do you. Grace Elizabeth Macaulay
Ledomus. take this man to be yours.
in flesh and spirit. in this world and the
next. unto the fires of hell?
I do.
What he hath forged in hell. let no mortal
tear asunder.
We ask this in thy name. O Lord.
I now pronounce you man and wife.
You may kiss the bride.
Titus Danforth is hereby granted the high
seat of the Council of LaBelle.
Hail Satan.
Hail Satan!
What the fuck?
It's not against the rules to kill a
family member.
Thank you for that.
It's me who got you.
What the fuck is happening?
Get on your knees!
Shem ham farash.
This means I can do whatever I want.
right?
That is correct.
I could lead this operation.
I could change the world.
This was my first act.
As the head of your high council.
I hereby remove myself from the council
and this entire fucking organization!
Bro. can she even do that?
There's surprisingly little language about
this in the bylaws.
Since no one believed anyone would ever
willingly give away so much power.
Okay. but then who gets the fucking seat?
Whoever's wearing the ring by dawn.
When's dawn?
In three minutes.
Give or take.
But it's just the council families or...
Literally anyone.
And you said if no one's wearing the ring
by dawn. Mr. LeBail would be...
Very upset.
Choke on it. you inbred fuck!
Give her for her!
Hail Satan!
Someone had to burn it all down.
You are good at destroying things.
No!
You're free.
Mm-hmm.
See ya.
Bye.
Hurry!
Hey. yeah. don't look there.
Whoops.
Fuck yeah!
I'm alive. bitches!
I hate it!
Holy fucking shit. yo!
I've renounced my pack. so I'm in spirit
too!
Let's fucking party!
Jesus Christ!
Meow.
Can we go?
Okay.
Rocket launcher.
Come on!
Let's go!
Yeah.
I want a hug.
I love you.
I love you too.
I missed you.
Thank you.
Yeah. well. you know. I'm not gonna have
to anymore.
You're gonna get really fucking sick of
me.
Promise?
I do.
What are you gonna do with the goat?
I don't know.
How many times are you gonna get married
this week?
It's too soon.
It's gotta be a record.
I'm gonna go to the hospital.
I need a bath.
I need to pee.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm